Welcome back everybody.
In this video we're going to continue our model building process.
We're going to use the same code that we use in the previous video to apply different models to our
dataset and see what results we get as a barrier and we're going to compare those results.
So let's just get started.
Now if you guys remember from the last video we wrote all these lines to create our model and to evaluate
it.
I decide to save this resource to a resource Barabara here.
And what we're going to do to apply the other models is just copy and paste this code.
Now of course this is not only going to be linear logistic regression this is going to be support back
to machine and to actually use the support back the machine we've got.
So it's imported from a skill learned that SBM and we're going to import the function SPC or the classes
wesay which represents the Sopore vector machine or a sportbike to classify.
In this case because this is a classification model so the classifiers going to be as we see.
Of course there's not going to be a pinata here but instead there's going to be a kernel because we're
going to be using kernels for a support vector machines.
And because of that I'm actually going to label this section SBM linear because that is the kernel that
I'm going to be using for the support commission.
So let's call it linear.
As you can see here then we actually train the model.
That's one take a few seconds to run.
Meanwhile we realize that everything else in here is going to remain the same.
Nothing is changing in these fuel lines right here that we copy and we're going to call the result of
our actual model car model results.
And we're going to run.
So actually run it together.
Great.
And now we have our model results.
Now let's not forget who came in the name of the model to actual support back to machines linear
and there we go.
Now we just have to run this line create a model.
And finally we need to append these to the initial results table.
So we're going to use results that were sold at auction rate and we're going to append tomorrow.
Excellent.
And finally this is just something that I do to reset in access when I'm working is to use the argument
you know X equals truth.
This is not needed for a particular task.
So let's run this.
Great.
Now it's good to see our results in the con..
So in the console's we're going to type in results and then we we have now the Superbike to machine
linear model.
And as you can see here the accuracy is almost identical so is the precision.
The recall is pretty high it's even higher than the one previously.
So obviously there's still bias in this linear.
So we're back to machine model and the F1 score is 64 a little bit higher but not that much better.
So now let's do the same for our different cardinal in this case.
We're going to use the RPF.
So they use it for word machine RBA.
The Colonel is not going to be of course here.
And we run this.
One last thing the change is right here in the title and that's it.
And then we combine all of this and explore the results again.
So this is going to take a few more seconds to run but once that finish we head up to the console and
we run the results the different.
So we have artier.
So our b f actually gives us a better accuracy by almost 3 points or a percent.
The precision increases as well and the recall goes down a little bit.
Okay.
So the accuracy is higher.
So that's a positive.
This tells us is a better model now although the recall has gone down so has a precision going up.
So the Oberle one score which is the balance of these two.
It's still similar to say SBM linear which is sixty four point five almost sixty five percent.
So this slightly better is less and balance and has higher accuracy.
So finally the last model that we're going to use is going to be the run for US model.
So let's see we copy and paste again.
We change the title to random forest
and we're going to select anti-course 100 because this is going to be a random for us model with 100
tricks.
OK.
So so far so good.
Then let's get rid of all this.
Obviously we are not going to actually keep here but we are not going to be using SBM we're going to
import it a friend function is going to come from a scalar and some blood and some.
There you go.
And then we're going to import run sports classifier
of course clarifier excellent.
And now when we called the classifier we're going to call them right here with the function run once
classified.
Now there's a couple of arguments that this classify has to take the random state.
Of course we're going to live in a.
We're going to get a number of trees.
Number of estimators.
Right.
So this is given Boody and estimators argument and we're going to say equal to 100 or going to 100 trees
like we put into the description then we're going to let a criteria and this criterion is going to be
entropy for now.
So there should be as the classifiers build and we could actually run this entire line and see what
we get.
So this is going to run for a few seconds as well.
We're going to head to the console and see the results.
And there we go.
Now this results are much different innocence.
So the run for us with 100 trees has given us a 62 percent which is almost almost exactly actually 3
percent higher than the SBM which was the highest accuracy we had.
So this is definitely the most accurate model.
Furthermore we can see the precision has gone up and the recall has remained the same.
What is actually gone down by two points but the actual F-1 score has gone up meaning that it is more
balance.
It is best performing within these two scores as you can see 64 and 67 is not that much different.
I like the 57 and 70 of the original linear logistic regression model Sorry I should relabel this is
logistic regression work.
Regardless this is why we are going to end up using because you guys can see that is a much better performing
model.
Excellent.
So now that we have decided which model to use the last step that we're going to care about is to actually
balladry these models to see if performs like he says he does right.
So to do that we're going to apply as a K4 course validation to the actual Trinian's it.
So let's take a look at that.
The first part being the section is focused by the patient.
Great.
We're going to import it from Eski learn
great and we're going to call accuracy's as the set of results from this cross-pollination.
So the estimator for these K-4 is going to be the classified that we just built which is the random
for one with 100 trees.
X is going to be extreme of course Y is going to be y trend
and the number of faults on this coast validation is going to be.
So it's going to be 10 for quite awhile.
Great.
So finally we're going to create a print statement to show us our results a little bit more clearly.
I just pasted it right here which is just around the fourth classifier accuracy and skewness two numbers.
The accuracy is going to be here plus or minus the standard deviation times 2 is actually going to be
distant deviation things too.
So there's going to of course comes from the accuracy's mean which is the average of the resource that
we're going to get above and then the deviation of the response times too.
So let's just run all of this and see what results we get.
This is going to run for a few minutes depending on your machine.
So as soon as this is over I'm going to come back.
OK.
So it's done.
And I run this printout line and see what we do in the console the accuracy that we got for Kafer cross-pollination
was 63 percent study creation around three point meaning that it could be 160 to 66.
This is even higher than the run we did in the results there.
So if we look at results we see that we got around 60 percent here right.
So if we do give our gross validation we are guaranteeing that this model is or we're almost guaranteeing
that this model is consistent throughout all of the data that exists in the train and said Okay.
So in a way was strain.
There was no particular subset of people who were just way off the model.
So this is good.
So then we can finally guarantee that run the force is the best option we have to run here and we're
going to be using it going forward.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next media.